
Once you have the reduced frame, you want to do some photometry.
There are few steps:

1) Measure the fwhm in the images using measure_fwhm.pro 
   This run sextractor and compute the mode of the fwhm
   for few interations, until a stable fwhm is found.
   Inspect the histogram since in some cases the distributions 
   has two peaks and the final values might need some tweaking.	
   However, a much more robust model is used before doing the
   photometry	

2) Extract a first catalogue of objects. Use run_sextractor.pro.
   For optimal extraction, provide weight, fwhm and header
   For later use, generate a segmentation map	

3) [OBSOLETE] Merge and clean the catalogue from defects 
   and a crude galaxy/star 
   classification using mergeandclean.pro
   Each object is an element of the structure. For multiple filters, 
   values are stored in arrays.
   Merging of list is done based on positions within 0.3''.
   If sextractor was run in dual mode, no additional matching is performed

   Cleaning and star classification is done according to PSF determination.
   Later can be refined with colors.
   Nothing gets erased, there is an array of flags that control the quality
   of the object. Defects are objects much smaller than the psf and very elongated,
   plus what is flaged by sextractor.
	
4) Measure the noise over the image, using grid_effectivenoise.pro
   This is not done in aperture, but it is much faster and more robust.

5) At this point you want to have a good model for the PSF that is used to 
   measure the flux in small objects (or do subtraction of PSF later on)
   Use modelpsf.pro
   The normalisation is sensitive to the skyvalue, so you should inspect the derivative
   to find where to set the normalisation for the aperture correction. 
   A value for aperture correction and relative error can be found running 
   findapercorr.pro over the files generated by previous task	

6) [OBSOLETE] Measure the fluxes and colors
   Use getfluxes, giving as many information as you can.
   Check your result against SExtractor with check_getfluxes.f
		
7) Find the zero point and calibrate

   [OBSOLETE] Good luck with this. If you have sdss information, try to 
   calibrate in this way with zpoint/sdss_fitzp.pro	
   If you need to do staff by hand, try zpoint/fit_zp
   and zpoint/calibrate_mag
	
   For field in sdss, first create a catalogue of the SDSS sources sdss_matchflux.pro
   Then, calibrate using calibrate_g_gr.pro and similar...	